[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
My name is Pema Angchin.
I'm from Bhutan.
I have been four years being a nun.
I decided myself to be a nun because I like him.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
My name is Dolly Carlisle.
I am from Sikkim.
I have been here four years in Nunnery.
I like studying with this philosophy.
My name is Pema Angchin.
I am from Bhutan.
I came here in 2003.
I have been four years in Varanasi, five years in Varanasi.
And I came here with my brother.
And when I came here, I found him in Nunnery.
And I joined in Nunnery because I like Buddhism.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And what is it you like about Buddhism?
Why do you like it?
I like mostly philosophy and practice to do the meditation.
And do the practice every morning, every night.
First of all, let me introduce myself.
My name is [INAUDIBLE]
I am from Bhutan.
I am 13 years old.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
I like to be here.
And tell me where you're from.
I'm from Sikkim.
And how long have you been here?
Two years.
Two years?
Yeah.
My name is Pema Angchin.
My grandmother was dead.
Then I want to be a nun for my grandmother's ambition.
And then I want to be Dharma for her and as well as my mother.
And I like to be a nun forever in my life.
And Nunnery has been named organ Samyachakulling.
Nunnery, Saranath, Varanasi, India.
This is the original building here,
which is a three-story building.
That is the original building where the nuns live.
And now we've built this, and they'll be moving in,
I think, this week or next week to this building.
It's already been finished.
It's almost two years now.
But Tempos have waited till Kempo return
here to do it more formally, so to give the senior nuns a place
to be and to be close to the library and the temple.
So we're really happy that we've been
able to make the trip here.
So it's 2.08, and we did the inauguration of 2.06.
It's very quiet, very beautiful.
Kempo, one hour and a half seconds.
These are different poems, like those young nuns wrote.
And Samyach organized them here in college.
He's teaching, teaching, and this title of the board
is called The Garden of the Knowledge.
Knowledge, this is the drops of the garland,
garden of the knowledge, I think.
That's it.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Anyway, this is [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Even you have the wealth, every wealth,
but how long that will last?
And therefore, it's better to do the practice.
And then learn the song on your [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And when you have the good fortune, everything comes.
All the luck will come.
While we check that out, the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
When you leave this building, there's nothing you can take.
Even the one, the tip of the needle, you can't take.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And therefore, those who are you keep the wealth,
all this wealth with which you met so much heart share
that you got better to do the generous practices.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And where there's beautiful temples and beautiful--
those sangha organization is good to do offerings
and [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And then it will bring the joy and peace
and remove all the obstacles.
And it's also like good [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
in the next life that we pray.
So those are all beautiful.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
OK.